Here is a complete guide on how data, Google Drive backups, and restoring data between your development laptop and your Windows 10 test desktop work.

1. How to Add Data & Create a Backup on Your Laptop
Step 1: Add Data
You have two ways to add data:

Option A — Through the App UI (Recommended for real tests):
Start the app on your laptop:
bash
npm run dev
Log in with the default credentials:
Username: admin
Password: admin123
Navigate to Items, Production, or Customers in the sidebar to add entries.
Option B — Using Seed Scripts (For instant test data): Run the test data generator in your terminal:
bash
node seed-test-data.js
(This populates 100 items and 60 customers into your local database).
Step 2: Connect Google Drive & Back Up
In the app, open the Settings page from the sidebar.
Under Google Drive Backup, click Connect.
A browser tab will open asking you to sign in with your Google account and grant permissions.
Once you see "Authentication successful", return to the app.
Click Backup Now.
The app saves your SQLite database as:
text
inventory-backup-YYYY-MM-DDTHH-mm-ss.sqlite
(Note: The app also automatically triggers a backup every 6 hours and whenever you quit the application).
2. How to Get the Data Back on Your Windows 10 Desktop (Restore)
How the Data Architecture Works:
The app is a local-first desktop app powered by an embedded SQLite database named inventory.db.

On Windows, the database file lives in your Windows AppData folder:

If running in development mode (npm run dev):
text
%APPDATA%\inventory-app\inventory.db
If running the packaged installer (.exe):
text
%APPDATA%\Inventory System\inventory.db
(You can quickly open this folder by pressing Win + R, typing %APPDATA%, and pressing Enter).

Step-by-Step: Restoring the Google Drive Backup onto the Desktop
Currently, the app has a Backup button, but does not yet have a built-in "Restore" button in the UI. You can restore your data manually in 1 minute:

Download the Backup from Google Drive:

On your Windows 10 desktop, open your web browser and go to Google Drive.
Search for or locate your latest backup file: inventory-backup-YYYY-MM-DDTHH-mm-ss.sqlite
Download it to your desktop.
Close the Inventory App:

Make sure the Inventory App is completely closed on the Windows 10 desktop so the database file is not locked.
Rename the File:

Rename the downloaded file from inventory-backup-....sqlite to:
text
inventory.db
Copy into AppData:

Press Win + R, type %APPDATA%, and press Enter.
Open the Inventory System folder (or inventory-app if running in dev mode). (If the folder doesn't exist yet, open the app once so it creates it, then close it).
Paste your inventory.db file here (replace the existing file if prompted).
If you see inventory.db-wal or inventory.db-shm files in that folder, delete them so SQLite loads cleanly from inventory.db.
Launch the App:

Start the app on the Windows 10 desktop. All your items, customers, stock, and orders from your laptop will be there.
3. ⚠️ Crucial Step for Windows 10 Desktop: License Activation
The application has a built-in hardware-locked license system:

When you run the app on the Windows 10 desktop for the first time, it will show an activation screen with a Machine ID (e.g. MACH-XXXXXXXXXX).
Copy that Machine ID.
On your development laptop, open the terminal in the project directory and run:
bash
node generate-key.js <PASTE_DESKTOP_MACHINE_ID_HERE>
Copy the generated license key and paste it into the activation dialog on the Windows 10 desktop to activate the app.
4. Would You Like a 1-Click "Restore" Feature in the App?
Right now you have to manually copy the downloaded file into %APPDATA%. We can easily add a "Restore from Backup" feature in Settings:

Restore from File: Click a button to select any downloaded .sqlite file and automatically restore it.
Restore from Google Drive: List recent backups stored in your Google Drive and restore with one click.
Let me know if you would like me to implement this in the code for you!